I started the project by building on the previous project which contained only a state variable of uint data type named favouriteNumber. Which stores the number that a user would enter in the storeNumber() function created in part 3.

Secondly, I created the favouriteNumbers variable to hold the dynamic array of uint data type. Which also stores the numbers that the user would input in the function named addFavouriteNumber().

Also, I created a struct named Person to hold a person's name and his/her favouriteNumbr. And which is further expanded to create a dynamic array and store in a vaariable called people to store the names and favouriteNumbers of many people. The variable people, get its data fom the call of the addPerson() function. Which allows users to input their names and favouriteNumbers and get push to the people variable.

Additionally, in implementing the visibility concept,  functions named setSecretNumber() and getsecretNumber() was created to set and retrieve the secretNumber set by the user. And those functions were all publicly visible and appears on the deploy section when the contract is deployed. And the function internalFunction() was also created to return a string and which is internally visible, meaning it can only be seen inside the contract alone and will not be visible to the public when deployed. Similarly, an external visibilty was created with the function named externalFunction() and it also returns a string which can only be read or use by ouside contracts but not the simpleStorage contract itself. In that case, it won't be visible to users of this contract when it is deployed. But it can be made visible to this contract then the keyword "this" is used to return it as seen in the function testExternelFunction() I created which would now make it visible to users of this contract.

And finally, an enum named contractState was created to give the state of the contract: Whether it is Active or Inactive. And this enum was store in a variable named state. And two functions, activateContract() and deactivateContract() was created to trigger the state of the contract when any of those functions is called. And a conditional function named isActive() was created to return a true bool value if the contract is in Active state.
